# Sols-Evolution
A Sol's journey through Evolution
Abstract: A gamified NFT collection with the objective of teaching while being implemental in bringing metaverse usage to the masses. Growth will be done organically and transparently through grassroots marketing and SocialFi. True to the decentralization ideals of blockchain purists, this collection will be run as a DAO with 1 vote per NFT owned and aims to be integral in the implementation of a universal prototype for an efficient and user friendly DAO platform. This white paper shall operate as a living document to be revisited annually for review of community voted proposals such as collaborations, different game modes, mutual fund purchases/payouts, and events in the metaverse as well as in person etc.., Created on the Solana blockchain for its user friendliness, speed, and price 

Sol’s Evolution is an affordable revolutionary NFT collection created not just to be evolving dope artwork but also to act as a mutual fund for hodlrs, charity powerhouse, Metaverse social club, and trusted education vessel for those interested in cryptocurrency. We’re committed to teaching financial literacy of the future. Fully doxxed from the beginning to encourage others to do the same in the space. 1., because it helps eliminate scams in a non regulated industry and 2., aides to push the narrative crypto can be relatable and isn’t just for computer nerds (sorry, guys!).  Operating as a DAO we will plan and host our first party in the Metaverse and in person within 30 days of selling out. 

Why are we a financial NFT? We’ll be using NFT specialties such as a DAO, mutual fund, and charity wallet to generate more flexible financial products for the common man including things like purchasing virtual land and paying out dividends from our mutual fund should the DAO vote for it. We’re going to start at the basics and teach financial literacy.. The financial literacy of the future. Through a short series/documentary we will invite interested parties into the process of the creation from beginning to mint. Educational material will be presented in each episode to help people understand what an NFT is and in particular a Financial NFT such as ours that creates an ecosystem with multiple financial products. 


Problem - Two problems lay inherent with bringing the average gamer and investor in the NFT and Metaverse World. The first being the echo chamber of the cryptocurrency/nft community rarely goes beyond the community. We will reach out to target communities interested but unsure of where to begin.. These communities involve peoples in traditional gaming, those intune with pop culture specifically music and sports, and minorities. The second problem is education. People do not know what an NFT is beyond a digital image and many people have  been victims to FUD and propaganda that pushes the rhetoric of them being “scammy”. While reaching out to the aforementioned communities through socialfi - podcasts, interviews with traditional media, digital magazines we will educate people on the financial capabilities and functions of NFTs. Since our NFT will cover gamification, decentralization, cross chain operability, and financial staking rewards we will be able to focus heavily on education for four (4) of the Metathon tracks. Coupled with our mini series on the collection’s creation and our documentary to be released after mint we will have created a loyal and committed Sol’s Evolution community that will surely make an impact on pop culture.
